Hey, why are you here?
How do I know?
It's been hurting since last night.
Still bleeding
It hurts.
I said, is there any disease in your body?
Oh, I see.
You are here for your period.
You said it was a period.
Right.
What to do then?
Why don't I buy you an aunt towel?
Hurry up
Oops, I ran a few and didn't buy it.
Only diapers left
Oh, why don't you make do with it?
You see, it's pretty big.
What!
Are you kidding me? Oops, put it on first.
Hey, can you use it?
Do you want me to help you get out?
Oh, it doesn't matter.
I'm more experienced in changing my own aunt towel
Go away ok
Will it work?
Eh
Come in and help me.
Oops it's not like that it's not like this it's like that
Can you hurry up?
Can you mop the floor a little more?
I'm already very low, oops.
It's not like that. Oh, what happened when you turned around?
Turn around and get down, you're so annoying